feat: add dmn-js@12 blog post (#130)
bpmn-io/bpmn.io: src/blog/2022/005-dmn-js-12-0-0.md

---

> title: Any DMN Engine Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Support any DMN Engine
```

<div class="figure full-size">
  <a href="https://demo.bpmn.io/dmn/">
    <img src="{{ assets }}/attachments/blog/2022/005-duration.png" alt="The decision table contains a helper for the daytime duration.">
  </a>

  <p class="caption">
    Specify duration in your decision table.
  </p>
</div>

## Breaking Changes

Because release focuses on providing a pure DMN 1.3 experience, we have dropped the `camunda` namespace dependency. This change makes the library ready to model decisions for any DMN engine with [dmn-scala](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/dmn-scala) among them.

To develop an application for Camunda Platform 7, consider using a new project based on dmn-js: [camunda-dmn-js](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-dmn-js). This new library provides modeler distributions tailored to Camunda Platform 7 and Camunda Platform 8.

> Check out the full [changelog of dmn-js](https://github.com/bpmn-io/dmn-js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1200) for all breaking changes that may require your action during the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the full [changelog of dmn-js](https://github.com/bpmn-io/dmn-js/blob/develop/packages/dmn-js/CHANGELOG.md#1200) for all breaking changes that may require your action during the upgrade.
```
